README.md, before:

FINAL EXAM WEBSITE REQUIREMENTS
• To design, develop, and publish a web site using recommended design practices for your favorite artist,living or dead. 
• In this case, I mean artist in the generic sense. 
• It could be a painter (Monet, Van Gogh); a musician (Mozart, U2); an actor (Harrison Ford, Betty White); a director (Steven Spielberg, George Lucas); a comedian (Jerry Seinfeld, Johnny Carson); and so on. 
• If you are a budding artist (musician, jewelry designer, and so on, you can be your favorite artist. 
• You must publish your website to net.saddleback.edu. 
• The content pages will include at least:
• A link on your “main” index page to your project – Currently called Final Exam Website. 
• Please note that in the index,html template that you are supposed to use, I have a “place holder name for the folder and file – <h3><a href=”final/index.html”>Final Exam Website</h3> You need to create a directory for the final exam. 
• In your index.html, be sure to change that place holder name to YOUR folder/file name. 
• Thus, if I called my folder exam and the file exam.html, that line in in index.html would be changed to read <h3><a href=”exam/exam.html”>Final Exam Website</h3>
• One page containing a form with at least three elements
Done
• Appropriate meta tags
Done
• One page utilizing tables effectively to display tabular formation
Done
• A video OR sound file (be careful – not too big)
Done
• One e-mail hyperlink
• One external hyperlink
• One alert message
• Consistent banner logo
• Consistent main navigation
• Association with external CSS file
• Your website will contain a home page and
• Total pages required are at least six pages.
• You are required to create an external style sheet (.css file) that configures text, color, and page layout. (No font tags, embedded CSS, or inline CSS may be used).
• at least 6 (but no more than ten) additional content pages (in addition to the home page).

Commit message:

updated the contact page, removed unsused information and fixed foot to footer. updated read me to match completed items

README.md, after:

FINAL EXAM WEBSITE REQUIREMENTS
• To design, develop, and publish a web site using recommended design practices for your favorite artist,living or dead. 
• In this case, I mean artist in the generic sense. 
• It could be a painter (Monet, Van Gogh); a musician (Mozart, U2); an actor (Harrison Ford, Betty White); a director (Steven Spielberg, George Lucas); a comedian (Jerry Seinfeld, Johnny Carson); and so on. 
• If you are a budding artist (musician, jewelry designer, and so on, you can be your favorite artist. 
• You must publish your website to net.saddleback.edu. 
• The content pages will include at least:
• A link on your “main” index page to your project – Currently called Final Exam Website. 
• Please note that in the index,html template that you are supposed to use, I have a “place holder name for the folder and file – <h3><a href=”final/index.html”>Final Exam Website</h3> You need to create a directory for the final exam. 
• In your index.html, be sure to change that place holder name to YOUR folder/file name. 
• Thus, if I called my folder exam and the file exam.html, that line in in index.html would be changed to read <h3><a href=”exam/exam.html”>Final Exam Website</h3>
• One page containing a form with at least three elements
Located on contact.html
• Appropriate meta tags
Located on all pages
• One page utilizing tables effectively to display tabular formation
Located on process.html
• A video OR sound file (be careful – not too big)
Located on process.html
• One e-mail hyperlink
Located on index.html
• One external hyperlink
Located on index.html. Clicking on the Instagram portion will take you to different sections.
• One alert message
Located on contact.html
• Consistent banner logo
Located on all pages
• Consistent main navigation
Located on all pages
• Association with external CSS file
Located on style.css
• Your website will contain a home page and
Located on index.html
• Total pages required are at least six pages.
I have 6 pages
• You are required to create an external style sheet (.css file) that configures text, color, and page layout. (No font tags, embedded CSS, or inline CSS may be used).

• at least 6 (but no more than ten) additional content pages (in addition to the home page).
